(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(intense music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and the rest
of the Digi-Destined
journey onward to a new
stage in their adventure.
Though the crew is
scattered to the winds,
they're doing their best
to reunite once more.
But while T.K. and Patamon
sprint through a savage land
where only the strong survive,
it seems that danger looms
closer and closer behind.
-(intense music continues)
-(T.K. panting)
(Patamon panting)
(intense music continues)
(Fangmon's footsteps thumping)
(Fangmon growls)
(intense music builds)
-(T.K. panting)
-(intense music continues)
(Patamon grunting)
(Digivice whirs)
(Fangmon growls)
(Patamon whines)
(Digivice whirs)
(Fangmon growls)
(Patamon whines)
(Patamon gasps)
Patamon?
(Patamon pants)
Patamon, wake up!
(Patamon whimpers)
Stay with me, buddy.
You hear me?
Please wake up.
(Fangmon's footsteps thumping)
(T.K. gasps)
(Fangmon growls)
-(Komondomon barks)
-(adventurous music)
[Sora] Grab my hand!
Hey T.K., you all right?
Is that you, Tai?
Fancy seeing you here.
Oh, wow, Sora!
(Fangmon growls)
-(intense music)
-(Fangmon's footsteps thumping)
Get 'em, Birdramon!
Meteor wing!
(meteors crashing)
Fangmon, a Champion Digimon.
-(Fangmon's footsteps thumping)
-(meteors crashing)
(power builds)
(Birdramon grunts)
Now, Greymon!
-Nova blast!
-(fireballs launch)
(intense music continues)
(fireball explodes)
(Greymon gasps)
You should try to hit the feet!
If you keep shooting
then we can throw it off.
Sounds good.
(fireballs explode)
Let's make it rain!
You got it!
-(Birdramon grunts)
-(meteors blast)
(Fangmon whimpers)
Take it down!
(explosion)
All right!
(Garurumon galloping)
Gotcha, I'm glad
you all joined up.
I hope T.K. didn't
get hurt out there.
It was scary, but
they rescued us.
I'm fine.
I'm worried about
Patamon though.
(Patamon sighs)
He's not looking
so good right now.
Wonder what's got
him so worn out?
I'm not sure, but he did
soak up a lot of damage
when we fought AxeKnightmon.
(T.K. moans)
-[Matt] Listen, T.K.
-Huh?
[Matt] I have no doubt that
Patamon's gonna pull through.
In the meantime, just keep
an eye on him okay, bro?
(T.K. sighs)
I'll take extra
special care of him.
[Matt] Good.
And Tai, make sure T.K.
stays in one piece.
-Yeah, you got it.
-(Digivice beeps)
By the way, hear any
word from Mimi's crew?
[Mimi] Let's go, just like that!
(all gasp)
Are you good, Mimi?
(Togemon yells)
(Golemon growls)
-That's it!
-(upbeat music)
Keep it up and show
them who's boss.
Togemon versus Golemon!
Get ready for the big finish.
(Gotsumon laughs)
Chiku Chiku Ban Ban!
(Mimi laughs)
Sounds like they're totally
living it up over there.
Aw, I wish I could join in too.
-Should we check on Joe?
-(Digivice beeps)
-(Joe crying)
-(all gasp)
I'd really appreciate
a little help here!
(Joe screams)
(Gomamon pants)
I'm coming, Joe.
(Joe screams)
[Joe] They're digging
in, I can feel them!
All the bloods
rushing to my head.
Wait, is it rushing down?
Well, technically
it's rushing up.
Nope, definitely down.
Is Joe about to become a snack?
Well, here's hoping
Gomamon can rescue him.
(Digivice beeps)
-[Izzy] Come in, everyone.
-(Sora gasps)
We're listening, Izzy.
[Izzy] Things in the real world
have gone from bad to worse.
(both gasp)
-(weapons firing)
-(explosions)
From what I can gather,
it seems the rumors
about those satellites
potentially crashing into the
international space station
have somehow leaked
to the public.
So, of course, the whole
Internet's blowing up.
And timelines are all
flooded with theories
and misinformation.
Because of that the dark
energy has intensified.
-(explosion)
-(Izzy gasps)
And it's not showing
signs of slowing down.
This is going to
be bad, isn't it?
Like maybe even
worse than last time.
(Patamon groans)
(soft music)
(bell dings)
Patamon.
Hello, Celestial Digimon.
(Patamon whimpers)
(soft music continues)
Listen to me.
Can you hear my voice?
(Patamon gasps)
Who are you?
I recognize your voice
but I don't know where
I've heard it before.
(soft music continues)
[Lopmon] The dark abyss.
Reincarnation.
Warfare.
This must be the cost of
overcoming so many adversities.
It appears a great
deal of your powers,
as well as your memories,
have been lost through
these struggles.
(soft music continues)
Please, I'm so tired.
Yes, but you mustn't
give up hope.
The Celestial Digimon
and the Digi-Destined
are bound by fate.
Once you unite your hearts and
bravely walk forward as one,
then, and only then, shall
you uncover a new path.
[Patamon] Unite?
You mean with T.K.?
No, wait, please come back.
[Lopmon] We are
those of the past.
A hollow entity
with no power left
other than what we can
muster to reach you.
Patamon, you are the
only one alive today
who possesses the holy powers.
Become a beacon.
The light of hope to
brighten the world.
(shimmering)
Light of what?
(everyone gasps)
You're finally awake!
(Patamon whimpers)
(wind rushing)
(Patamon sighs)
(T.K. sighs)
The light of hope, to
brighten the world.
Huh?
(Patamon grunts)
(wings flapping)
(Patamon whining)
(T.K. sighs)
(Patamon whines)
(Patamon pants)
Honestly, at this
rate it's impossible.
I can't protect
T.K. or anyone else.
(Patamon gasps)
Say, do you know how
to swim, Patamon?
Huh?
It's so funny,
a while back I could
barely even tread water.
I don't follow.
I was scared of going under
and I got winded pretty easily.
But still, I remember
Matt telling me
that it was just
a matter of time
before I learned
how to doggy paddle.
-And you know what?
-(hopeful music)
He was right!
And until I could finally swim
on my own, he stuck with me.
(Patamon sighs)
So as long as it takes,
I'm sticking with you.
T.K.
(T.K. giggles)
-(distant growling)
-(both gasp)
(ominous music)
[Tai] Something's coming.
Not Fangmon again.
(Fangmon growls)
(Komondomon barks)
(all yell)
(teeth glimmer)
Nasty.
Are they trying to catch up
so they can scarf us down?
-Ready, buddy?
-(Agumon grunts in agreement)
(Digivice whirring)
Agumon Digivolve to...
Greymon.
Let's go, we'll
get 'em this time!
(explosion)
(Komondomon whimpers)
[Sora] Oh, good, some
super creepy clouds.
(thunder strikes)
What do you think it is?
-(ominous music builds)
-(thunder strikes)
(Tai gasps)
(thunder strikes)
(Biyomon gasps)
(Sora gasps)
(thunder strikes)
(T.K. gasps)
(Patamon gasps)
-(ominous music continues)
-(thunder strikes)
(thunder strikes)
(glimmering sound)
(ominous music)
(Cerberumon's
footsteps thumping)
(Tai groans)
(ominous music continues)
(Cerberumon growls)
That giant must be who
the Fangmon answer to.
The big guy's name
is Cerberumon.
An Ultimate Digimon.
(power building)
Yo, Komondomon, make
a left turn ASAP!
-(explosion)
-(ominous music continues)
(Tai gasps)
If we get hit by a single
one of those, we're done for.
(Fangmon's footsteps thumping)
(Fangmon shoots beam)
-(Tai yells)
-(Greymon grunts)
Hey, Greymon! Think
you can deal for now?
Yeah!
(Greymon grunts)
-(Patamon whimpers)
-(T.K. whimpers)
(Greymon yells)
Why you little...
(weapons firing)
(explosions)
(Komondomon whimpers)
Greymon!
Yeah, that's my bad.
(power building)
[Tai] Here comes another shot.
Hang a right, Komondomon!
(explosion)
We need to speed it up or
else we're gonna be roasted!
(Komondomon whimpers)
(Digivice beeps and whirs)
-Okay, you ready Biyomon?
-(Biyomon grunts in agreement)
Biyomon Digivolve to...
Birdramon.
Meteor wing!
(meteors firing)
(explosions)
(Cerberumon growls)
(Birdramon gasps)
(Tai moans)
(Cerberumon growls)
-(explosions)
-[Tai] Dodge to the right.
Go left.
Left!
-(explosions)
-(ominous music)
Nice footwork, Komondomon!
(power building)
[Sora] Oh no, they're charging
up for a group attack.
Greymon Digivolve to...
MetalGreymon.
Giga Storm!
(ominous music)
(explosion)
(Komondomon whimpers)
(MetalGreymon gasps)
(Digivice beeps and whirs)
Birdramon Digivolve to...
Garudamon!
(Garudamon grunts)
[MetalGreymon] Nice puppy.
(MetalGreymon grunts)
(Garudamon strains)
(MetalGreymon groans)
(Garudamon gasps)
It took them down.
Come on, hang in there you two.
(ominous music)
(MetalGreymon pants)
(Fangmons growl)
(ominous music)
(MetalGreymon sighs)
(explosion)
(Komondomon whimpers)
Go right!
No, Left!
Left again!
-(T.K. whimpering)
-(Sora stomping)
Come on now, it's not safe.
You should both head
inside right away.
-(explosion)
-(both yell)
(Tai coughs)
Hey Sora, T.K., Patamon,
tell me you're okay.
Sora, wake up.
(Sora groans)
Sora, you can't
go out like this.
I'll be fine.
(Sora whimpers)
Sora!
-(explosion)
-(Tai yells)
(Tai grunts)
(Tai strains)
(Tai pants)
Tai.
(Sora pants)
-(Patamon whines)
-(explosions)
(slow, gentle music)
What should I do?
Once you unite your hearts and
bravely walk forward as one
then, and only then, shall
you uncover a new path.
As long as it takes,
I'm sticking with you.
That's right.
I've been lost in the
darkness for such a long time.
A hopeless abyss
where I was alone.
(water bubbling)
So much time passed that
I almost forgot who I was.
(dramatic cello music)
It was like my mind
almost faded away.
But then...
T.K.!
In spite of everything I
never ever forgot about T.K.
It's because I knew,
deep in my heart,
that I would meet him one day.
So I didn't give up
and neither did T.K.
(dramatic cello music continues)
That's how we were able to meet.
Even after I was reborn
we were able to see
each other again.
Because of the will
to keep on trying.
That's why T.K. is my hope.
In the same special
way, I am T.K.'s hope.
Because the Celestial
Digimon are everybody's hope.
(T.K. grunts)
(Patamon grunts)
(explosions)
(Fangmons thump onto Komondomon)
(ominous music)
(Fangmons growl)
(all whimper)
(Fangmon's footsteps thump)
What are you doing?
Save yourselves.
Get out of here.
(Fangmons growl and stomp)
Guess this means we're
the last ones standing.
That doesn't matter as
long as you are by my side.
Then we've still got
a fighting chance.
I might not be as big
as Angemon, but...
We're protecting our friends!
Together we're unstoppable!
-(upbeat, hopeful music)
-(Digivice beeps and whirs)
Patamon Digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Pegasusmon!
(T.K. gasps)
It's real nice to meet you!
Amazing.
A new form?
Incredible!
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
Let's do this thing, Pegasusmon!
All right.
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
(Fangmons growl)
Here we go!
Now show them what you've got!
Equus Beam!
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
Perfect.
Now let's make a
U-ie, Komondomon!
(Komondomon barks)
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
(Garudamon grunts)
Alright, looks like
we're in the clear.
Time to wrap this up.
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
(powering up)
You've got this, Pegasusmon!
Aim right for the mouth!
Rodeo Kick!
(whirring)
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
(explosion)
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music continues)
(T.K. laughs)
(Cerberumon growls)
(explosion)
Giga Blaster!
Equus Beam!
(upbeat, hopeful,
Japanese music ends)
(calm, hopeful music)
See that sunshine?
We did it.
We both pulled
through in the end.
That's right.
(T.K. sighs)
(calm, hopeful music continues)
(all gasp)
Here's to new wings,
and to new hope.
(calm, hopeful music continues)
(both laugh)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Komondomon.
This Digimon enjoys transporting
passengers and running.
It seems they run
around open fields
in the same way
that we go on walks.
Now let's check out some
more facts about them.
They have eight legs
under long, shaggy fur
and can travel through
any type of terrain.
You know what?
It'd be kind of cool if
they could tap dance.
I wonder if someone
could give them lessons?
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Kari soon
finds herself devoured
by the darkness.
Will Tai be able to
rescue his little sister
before it's too late?
[Tai] Next time:
The Kari of Dawn.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.